Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing?
This will probably be one of the most important messages I've ever given on this platform, so I really want you to listen carefully.
I'm going to start it out like this: my wife and I gave you the list of the readout of that visitation from that man.
I've tried to find him; I don't know if he's still alive or if he went on to go home with the Lord, but he had another visitation back in 2014, the same year that I had mine.
He went to the tribulation, and the Lord showed him the tribulation.
Every single thing that he saw was different than what the Lord showed me, which is absolutely amazing, but they fit together like a puzzle.
I'm going to have my wife read his visitation; it's a dream he had.
Now, I believe I had an out-of-body experience.
I haven't been able to speak to this man, but I'm going to tell you all, it's like you can take a puzzle piece from someone who had the other pieces and put them together to make a whole puzzle.
I know there's probably someone out there that has more pieces to the puzzle, even about the asteroid.
I told you all about the asteroid hitting Miami in the Atlantic Ocean, wiping out the islands, and the water coming inland into the East Coast.
Whenever I told you the Lord said, 'Woe, America!
Woe, America!
I have favored you and I have loved you above all nations, and I have prospered you above all nations,' I gave that word and put it down.
It was just a couple of months ago.
It's almost like the Lord didn't want me to find this word until now because it would have influenced my word.
Am I hearing this, or am I hearing the word from this man?
That's why this has just been so divine, though; it's just like a clock, it's perfect.
Finding it right now just shook me, y'all, because whenever I hear the Lord, I'm telling you, I hear the Lord.
And whenever I tell you I have a visitation from the Lord Jesus and I see him face to face, there's nothing that I've ever exaggerated.
I speak exactly what he says to tell you all.
That's why it shook me so much—this visitation from this man having similarities, even things about the boat and the EMP and everything.
He's seen it all.
He even said that you'll hear about the earthquake that I told you all was going to happen in Portland, Oregon.
He saw it, and it's amazing the detail that he brings.
You can go back and listen to some of my videos of what the Lord spoke to me.
He'll even say in this that he doesn't know if this is pre-trib or during the tribulation, and I don't either.
All I know is I saw this stuff.
I don't know a timeframe, but I know that it is a spanking—it's a judgment and a wake-up.
I personally believe we're still here for some of this.
So I'm going to link my videos in the description so you all can find them easily—the words that I've given that go just like a mirror to what this man saw.
I don't even know how old this man is, but he was a professor at ORU.
My wife was at ORU going to school there; she never knew him as a professor, but I don't know if he's gone home to be with the Lord.
We're going to go straight to my wife, and she's going to read this visitation.
Please listen to the whole thing; it's very serious.
Hi family.
I just want to take a minute and say thank you so much for all the encouragement from the last time I read.
I take reading things from the Lord very seriously and really wanted to do honor to God through it.
I will just start this.
This week I had a dream.
It was a terribly frightening dream.
In it, I saw a huge angel standing suspended in the air over New York Harbor.
It looked so large that it covered the night sky.
His body was clad in golden armor as if he was going to war.
His face and entire being were so bright that I could not gaze up at him for long.
White beams of light seemed to radiate outward from him in all directions.
He was standing over the Statue of Liberty.
It was night, but I could hardly see the lights around him coming from New York City as he blazed so brightly with divine light.
He reached for his belt that was covered with a red sash around his midsection and drew out his sword.
It was so massive it blazed with light and fire all around it.
It looked at least 100 feet long.
I have never felt such fear when I saw an angel before.
I just knew this mighty warring spirit had authority from the very throne of God.
He had a grim expression as he held this mighty sword over his head with both hands.
I could see that he was poised to hit the Statue of Liberty and cleave it in two.
I trembled and tried to hide, but the angel was looking directly at me and I knew there was nowhere to go that he would not see me.
Then he spoke.
His voice was like thunder and echoed throughout the whole harbor.
He said, 'How long will you refuse to humble yourself, O America?
You have been weighed in the balances of God and found wanting.
Your beginning was great and noble, but your end shall be disgrace and destruction.
' Okay, hold on right here.
Did you hear that?
Again, read that again: 'How long will you refuse to humble yourself, O America?
You have been weighed in the balances of God and found wanting.
Your beginning was great and noble, but your end shall be disgrace and destruction.
' That's exactly the word the Lord gave me, which my son can vouch for.
It's to the T, y'all.
It was identical.
There's no word missing from what the Lord gave me.
'But I have weighed you in the balance and you are lacking.
' He kept saying this to me three times.
He was quoting Daniel to me.
Thus saith the Lord of Heaven's armies, the Lord of hosts: 'Time is running out.
The bowls of my wrath are full of my fury and judgment.
They shall be poured out upon you.
You shall drink them down to the dregs, every drop.
I have come to you day and night pleading with you to return to me for over 100 years.
I am merciful and longsuffering.
It brings me no joy to judge you, but you have hardened your hearts and scoffed at my warnings through my prophets and my holy servants.
I brought you from nothing and exalted you, O America, higher than any other nation, but now you have fallen lower than Sodom.
You have sinned greater than Egypt.
You have become prouder than Babylon and Persia.
You have become more selfish than Rome.
You have exalted yourself in your own wisdom higher than Greece.
You have more idols and high places of idolatry and luxury than any Gentile kingdom in history.
Your beginning was pure and great, but now the stench of your sin and filth fills my nostrils.
I shall cut you in pieces, and you shall reap the harvest of wrath from what you have sown.
You shall no longer be the queen of nations.
Now you shall bear your shame and become the lowest of the heathen nations.
Now, as Agag, you shall be hacked in pieces.
O earth, earth, earth, hear ye the word of the Lord!
' Then to my horror, that massive sword came smashing down on Lady Liberty.
When it hit the top of her head, there was a blinding flash of light and that sword split her in two right down the middle.
Then the sword came again and again against her.
It divided her in pieces, and as the sword would finish each strike, fires would burst forth.
I heard terrible explosions.
The vision of the statue ended with an earthquake as it was hacked into pieces and sunk into the harbor.
I was weeping and crying out to God for mercy.
Never had I seen this side of God before.
Never had I seen the wrath of the Almighty.
Then the dream shifted and I started to zoom outward from New York Harbor, traveling in the air over America.
What I saw was horror beyond anything I have ever seen.
I saw the United States seem to crack in two with a giant earthquake right down the middle.
I saw the southeastern United States covered with a giant wave of water from the ocean.
I saw a massive earthquake that just seemed to crack off the coast of California.
It reminded me of a saltine cracker that just cracked, and the great cities along the West Coast just fell into the ocean all the way from Mexico up to Alaska, and giant waves flooded inland until much of the West Coast just wasn't there.
It disappeared into the Pacific Ocean.
Do you all remember that word?
That's exactly what I saw.
Then I saw three giant rocket missiles that took off into the air.
Two came from the ocean waters and one came from land.
All of them blew up in the air in the upper atmosphere within five seconds of each other.
They were terrible nuclear bombs, but the last one was the biggest and it created a huge mushroom cloud over the Midwest part of America.
Then the ground shook and everything went black.
There wasn't any electric light coming out of any of the homes.
Then candles began to be lit and a little light was seen.
There were other nuclear explosions and many people perished throughout the nation.
There was just twisted metal and charred debris in cities that once were tall and majestic.
There was widespread looting and gangs roaming about everywhere with guns, stealing whatever food and supplies they could find.
Then I saw what looked like elite riot police go into communities and cities, force the people out of their homes, and bring them into what looked like concentration camps.
Some of these police armies had light blue helmets on.
Hundreds of thousands of people were arrested in this way.
Many would not cooperate and were just shot and left dead in their homes.
But there were millions of hidden groups that escaped the first wave of these disasters.
Revival broke out, and great evangelists, prophets, and apostles rose up and began to preach to thousands outdoors.
Miracles of provision, multiplications of food and water, and astonishing healings occurred.
Millions of people cried out to God, and he heard and answered.
I knew that this was not just happening in America, but the great tribulation was upon them and all over the world.
I saw multitudes of tribulation saints refusing to renounce Jesus as Lord.
They were starving, but still refused to take the stamp on their bodies so they could eat and live.
There were kiosks in every little town.
They advertised food and water only if you went inside them and took the electronic mark.
Freeze.
This is what I saw.
Remember I told you all they tried to fake the mark of the beast?
They put a mark on their head, trying to put a bruise or a sore on their hand, and I saw moms who were so desperate for food they wanted to go to these kiosks to get food for their children because they were starving to death.
Some went in, bowed down to holographic movie images of the Antichrist, and were branded in their hands and foreheads with an electronic tattoo-like stamp.
When they came out, they had a zombie-like look; their minds and souls were gone.
It looked like they had a spiritual lobotomy.
Then these immediately joined the armies of these police units and were given weapons.
They were like robots doing the Antichrist's bidding.
See, and I told you all about that.
I said they looked like they were not there, like their minds are gone.
They don't cry.
Remember I told you about the children born in the tribulation?
All kids below the age of 15 were taken, but if you were born in the tribulation, these are the children that would suffer.
The Bible says, 'Woe to you who give suck in those days.
' He talks about a chip that is like a tattoo.
I actually saw people being injected with some kind of microchip, and that's why I told you I believe it has to do with Neuralink.
That was one of the things that I saw.
Every Friday, they were in white outfits and they were worshiping the Antichrist.
I knew that they were lost forever, but quite a few did not make it out.
They were tortured mentally and physically inside the kiosk.
If they still refused the mark of the beast, there was a laser that shot through their brain and heart and sliced their heads off.
Then they were immediately incinerated.
Nothing but ashes remained.
This made the Nazi death camps look like a picnic.
Millions of people were executed in this way via computer systems with such precision and efficiency that I marveled that something like this was even possible.
Then I was back looking at that terrible angel of the Lord, and he said, 'Warn everyone!
Flee from the wrath to come!
Repent and turn to Jesus while you still can!
' And so, in finishing this up, he went to the Holy Spirit asking if it was pre-trib, mid-trib, or post-trib, asking who's right and what is the right theology to take.
This is the word he got: 'The Holy Spirit said, "Not all of my people will be ready when I sound the shofar of my coming in the air.
Half of those that profess belief in me will be left behind, as it is written in the parable of the wise and foolish virgins.
I am coming for those that are prepared and expecting my return.
But I am not leaving the earth without a strong witness of my grace and glory.
In fact, I have allowed some to choose whether they want to stay to be a part of the greatest revival of all history, or to go on before to my wedding supper.
But it is not my best for them.
I do not want to see them suffer in these last seven years.
Remember, it is only by faith that you will escape these things coming upon the earth.
If you don't believe I am coming for you to take you out before the coming wrath is poured out upon the earth, I have no obligation to do so.
"' Read that again.
He said this is the Lord speaking: 'Remember, it is only by faith that you will escape these things coming upon the earth.
If you don't believe I am coming for you to take you out before the coming wrath is poured out upon the earth, I have no obligation to do so.
' But remember, all those that will be left behind will be killed for their stand for me.
Many champions for me shall arise and not compromise during the time of Jacob's trouble.
I will arise and protect those that will stand for me then until their works are finished.
I have already separated my bride from the Laodicean church.
I have warned the church over and over to flee from the wrath to come now.
Now I'll just add that the greatest warnings have been in the last 120 years, which directly parallels Noah preaching while he built the ark.
Nobody listened to him, but God had sent prophets like Ravenhill, repentance preachers like David Wilkerson, and Steve Hill.
Even now there are people warning, but the church would not listen to sound doctrine anymore; they departed from the Bible.
Now they're preaching with itching ears, wanting smooth messages that make you feel good.
You don't find fulfillment by becoming the ultimate you; you do it by losing your life and letting Jesus live in you.
That's where the real joy is.
Time is running out fast.
Get into the ark of safety.
Flee from the love of sin and the world before it is too late.
Is this plain enough for you?
Listen now.
Do not look back upon Sodom like Lot's wife did.
Flee the city of destruction.
Come into my secret place.
Embrace the truth of my promise that I have not appointed you for wrath.
Blessed and holy are those that obtain this first resurrection.
This is all in the Bible.
When are you going to start believing it?
I am coming for those who love my soon appearing in the sky.
I am coming for those that love heaven more than they love the passing pleasures of sin.
Keep your lamps burning brightly.
The midnight hour is here.
We must heed this.
May the grace and peace of our Lord Yeshua the Messiah rest upon you.
I'm telling you, that should get you so excited!
I saw the marriage supper of the Lamb and the preparations they were doing for us—all the personal name tags, the parade, everything.
For he is good and his mercy endures forever.
He's coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle, a people who has their lamps full of oil.
If you're lukewarm, he said he'd spew you out of his mouth.
It's time for people to rise up and tell people that Jesus is coming.
I'm passionate about this because I hear the Lord telling me all the time, 'Son, we are in the last of the last seconds.
' It's like a woman in labor; the labor pains are intensifying on a day-to-day basis.
No man knows the day or the hour, but he could come back very soon.
Look around you.
Israel is at war now, folks.
It's escalating.
Sin is rampant around us.
We hear the itching ears in the churches preaching compromise instead of holiness.
Yes, it's by grace, but we're to live a holy lifestyle separated unto Jesus as best as we can.
Our righteousness is as filthy rags, but there is a separation from the world where you want to be more like Jesus.
If you were in a prison lineup being convicted of being a Christian, would you be convicted?
Would they lock you up for the rest of your life?
Is there a separation where they know for a fact that person right there is a Christian?
It's time to get hot for Jesus and keep our lamps full on a day-to-day basis.
A lot of you are going to a church that doesn't preach a solid word-based gospel.
You're going in there getting an itching-ear gospel for 30 minutes with fog machines and lights.
They're losing the purity of preaching repentance.
It's so important that you understand filling your lamps full of oil.
I've warned you what the Lord told me: half will be taken, half will be left.
Which one are you?
Don't put it off.
There was a man in the comment section who said he could live like a heathen for a while because it doesn't sound like he's coming back soon.
Why would you gamble your soul?
No man is promised tomorrow.
You could die tonight in your sleep.
People think they can sow their wild oats and serve Jesus ten years from now, but they die nine years into it and are in hell for eternity.
The wages of sin is death.
It's time today to ask Jesus to be your Lord and Savior.
Are you ready to stand at that great white throne of judgment?
When he says, 'What did you do for me?
' will your cup be empty?
I pray God has mercy.
We're running out of time.
I always look for him during the September timeframe, during Rosh Hashanah.
Could it be this year?
I've rambled on long enough, but I wanted you to see the parallels.
God is speaking to different prophetic voices to warn them.
He put us to be a watchman on the wall.
I feel like I'm Paul Revere riding my horse through the towns telling the minutemen, 'Jesus is coming!
Jesus is coming!
' to get you woke up for the spiritual war.
Father, I thank you for every single person.
Say, 'Jesus, come into my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
' He made it so a little child can get saved; it's easy.
Father, I thank you for healings and wholeness in these people's homes.
We call in unsaved loved ones in Jesus' name.
Angels, go out and bring them home.
We're running out of time.
Our children, wayward husbands, moms, and dads—we call them home in Jesus' name.
We thank you that you don't want one to perish.
We bind the demonic distractions and spirits that would hold them down and command you to release our loved ones.
We call the harvest of souls in the name of Jesus.
Father, give us creative ideas to bring souls into your kingdom.
I thank you for the anointing of the Holy Ghost to flow through us.
It's time for a great new outpouring of your spirit—new wine and new wineskins.
Fan the flame in these people today in Jesus' name.
We call for a fullness of fire, like gasoline on a flame.
I want to tell you all thank you for watching.
If you could click the notification bell, it really would bless us.
If you could like the video and put a comment down below, we're curious where your heart's at.
We thank you all for your support.
You're helping get the gospel spread throughout the world.
Another person gave their heart to Jesus and some got baptized in the Holy Ghost this week.
Thank you for all your love and kindness.
God bless you all; Jesus loves you so much.
We will see you next time.
Y'all have a blessed and wonderful day.
Bye-bye.